README.md, before:

# Redis-to-HTTP proxy

Currently the only implemented functionality is proxying of pub/sub subscriptions onto a websocket, as follows:

* specify `channel` in path to `GET` request `/sub/[channel]`, providing valid credentials as Basic authorization
  * credentials are matched against those stored in `users.json` - make sure this is `chmod`'ed to `0600`!
* if `/sub/...` request was valid & authorized, it will return a *one-time* token `SUB_TOKEN`
* use the token as the sole query parameter to the websocket endpoint to start receiving data, e.g. `/ws/sub?SUB_TOKEN`

The entirety of the aforementioned procedure can be perfomed on the CLI via `wscat` and `curl`:

```
wscat -c ws://HOST:PORT/ws/sub?`curl -H "Authorization: Basic B64_CRED" http://HOST:PORT/sub/CHANNEL`
```

where `HOST`, `PORT`, `B64_CRED` & `CHANNEL` should be replaced with appropriate values.

An example client can be found [here](https://github.com/rpj/rhp-client-example), a browser-based realtime display of [RPJiOS](https://github.com/rpj/rpi) device sensor data.

Commit message:

Update README to include /list/ information

README.md, after:

# Redis-to-HTTP proxy

Currently there are only two distinct pieces functionality implemented, specifically proxying:
  * of pub/sub subscriptions onto a websocket
  * the [`LRANGE`](https://redis.io/commands/lrange) command in both standard and domain-specific ways

However, combined these allow relatively powerful client implementations, such as this [weather data dashboard](https://code.rpjios.com/ryan/weather-dashboard).

### WebSocket pub/sub subscription proxying

* specify `channel` in path to `GET` request `/sub/[channel]`, providing valid credentials as Basic authorization
  * credentials are matched against those stored in `users.json`, a simple username-as-key to client-as-password mapping
* if `/sub/...` request was valid & authorized, it will return a *one-time* token `SUB_TOKEN`
* use the token as the sole query parameter to the websocket endpoint to start receiving data, e.g. `/ws/sub?SUB_TOKEN`

The entirety of the aforementioned procedure can be perfomed on the CLI via `wscat` and `curl`:

```
wscat -c ws://HOST:PORT/ws/sub?`curl -H "Authorization: Basic B64_CRED" http://HOST:PORT/sub/CHANNEL`
```

where `HOST`, `PORT`, `B64_CRED` & `CHANNEL` should be replaced with appropriate values.

### `LRANGE` proxying

Make `GET` requests to `/list/[key]?<options>`, where `<options>` may be composed of:

| Name | Description|
| --- | --- |
| `start` | directly corresponds to the `start` argument of [`LRANGE`](https://redis.io/commands/lrange) |
| `end` | directly corresponds to the `stop` argument of [`LRANGE`](https://redis.io/commands/lrange) |

The [`rpjios` plugin](plugins/rpjios/main.go) enables the following options when loaded:

| Name | Description|
| --- | --- |
| `back` | how many minutes backward from the current time to gather data (iteratively in chunks) |
| `cad` | the downsampling "cadence", in seconds; e.g. 600 returns samples separated by at least 600 seconds (10 minutes) |

Processing is short-circuited such that only one of the entities above can respond to any given request. Accordingly, only one set of options can be used in conjunction. 

For example, `back` and `start` should not be combined: if they are (and assuming the value given for `back` is valid), the `rpjios` plugin will handle the request and the value given for `start` will be ignored.
